Attendance: All members present

Bryan Zamora [x], Nicolas Johnson	[x], William Mori[x], Jacob Toomey [x], Gita Supramaniam[x], Daoyi Ji[x], Terry Pi[x]

Meeting Time: Lec02

Type of Meeting:

Daily Scrum

## Summary
We discussed whether we would like to do a web app or a mobile app. Based on our teams background we decided to go with a web app. It will be easier for us to work in terms of compatibility as well. We have a rough idea of the tech stack we will be working with which includes a database using firebase to store user data, and react js for the UI.


# Detailed 

Bryan Zamora:
Based on the project idea, I was thinking for the database we could use firebase due to is very straightforward and works well for an MVP type of app (web and mobile) We could use it to store the user videos/photos, as well as the user login info (if I’m not mistaken)
If we do a web app, it might be easier for us in terms of compatibility because the web app would work on any computer and mobile devices. It might also be easier to code than a mobile app. So we might have more time to do it
If we do a mobile app, we could solve the compatibility issue by using a framework like React Native using Expo. Which lets us run mobile simulators on our computers. Some features might require us to do some extra coding to make them compatible for both android and iOS, but could be a learning experience.

Will Mori:
Sounds good! Im thinking it might be a better idea to do a react web app rather than mobile if everyone would be onboard with that

Nicolas Johnson:
Hmm I actually like the idea of a mobile app. It would be appropriate for a social media app and makes sense for uploading pictures from your phone etc. and there’s lots I want to learn with mobile development. Should we take a vote on if we want to make a mobile or a web app?

Will Mori:
In theory I agree that the app would be more suited for mobile and I'd be ok with taking a vote, but I have a friend with 4 years software development experience and he advises against mobile cause its literally like 10 times harder than just creating a react web app.

Plus i'm not sure if anyone here has any experience in mobile whereas a few of our group member already have some react experience

Nicolas Johnson:
Yeah very true. I heard mobile development is harder too. So I guess it depends on how much work we’re gonna want to put in. I was thinking that this would be a good chance of getting a mobile app project done since we’ll have a whole group versus trying to do it alone but I’m ok if everyone else wants to just make a web app. Professor Hollerer also teaches a mobile app dev class too so we won’t be on our own.

Gita Supramaniam:
I don't have a strong preference but hope that whatever we pick won't be too hard to pick up :) I agree that having a better idea of this by Tuesday would be great so we have time to start the “Hello World” part of the first lab (which may require setup for some of us)
